Add book recommendation for web component development (#128)
mateusortiz/webcomponents-the-right-way: README.md

## Books

- [Web Components in Action](https://www.manning.com/books/web-components-in-action) - Book by Ben Farrell, available at Manning early release program.

> - [Web Component Development with Modern Libraries and Tooling](https://www.manning.com/books/web-component-development-with-modern-libraries-and-tooling) - Book about building reusable web components that last well beyond the next library update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web Component Development with Modern Libraries and Tooling](https://www.manning.com/books/web-component-development-with-modern-libraries-and-tooling) - Book by Mark Volkmann, available at Manning early access program.
```
